It was November 7th, 2024.

Trump had just been announced as the winner of the Presidental election.

The next morning, Twin Cities Con would begin.

And I had to do *something.*

I knew I couldn't be the only gay, gender non-conforming sex worker with multiple addiction issues who felt *unfathomably* alone, right then.

So I got ahold of a friend with a button maker, and created the IRL Angel Dusts Club.

I only had materials for 12 club buttons, with no backing cards, at first. They had a glittery overlay.

One went to Vivziepop herself. One, I gave to Blake Roman, Angel Dust's voice actor. I offered the rest to the first ten fellow Angel Dust cosplayers I saw.

I ran out of buttons in under an hour, that first day.

These buttons, and the message they had for folks, were *needed,* that much was clear.

Some people started crying when they read the message along the top and bottom of the button: THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO YOU THAN YOUR PAIN / AND YOU ARE NEVER ALONE.

When the convention was over, I made 200 more. This time, I put together a backing card for each button, answering questions people at TwinCitiesCon had asked me about them.

As I write these words, I'm about to attend the 2026 LVLUP Expo. This is the first convention since I began this project where I've entirely run out of buttons.

But I had the thought: why couldn't I just give everyone the files I used to print out the buttons and backing cards, so people could make the buttons themselves?

So, here they are.

The button doesn't have to be fancy. The face should fit any standard 2-inch button maker when printed out, but if you don't have that equipment, just printing one out, maybe gluing some cardboard to the back if you don't want it to crease, and taping a safety pin to the back will do the job well enough.

I have a few rules for making these buttons.

1.) These are not to be sold for a profit. I realize not everybody can eat the cost of a bunch of buttons like I did, so charging for the materials used is fine, but these are meant to be free, for anyone who would be helped by seeing the reminders on the button.

2.) I've been asked if I had plans to make an IRL Angel Dusts Club Discord server, or something along those lines. Personally, I would be against this.

While it can be great to know there are others who've shared the same sort of experiences you've had, folks who've lived through the levels of trauma as to be a Club member really should have access to a qualified, trauma-informed therapist. I can't provide them with that. 

It would be naive at best, and legitimately damaging at worst, to make a group just *assuming* things would be fine without any guardrails or professional support in place.

Plus, everyone's a work in progress, when it comes to their healing journey, and there's bound to be people in all different stages of trauma recovery. I don't want folks to be endlessly re-traumatizing each other, or gathering unhealthy sorts of trauma bonds, in such a group.

Yadda yadda rules yadda... that's it.

I wish I could be there to shake hands and smile to every last one of you who makes one of these buttons. It may sound cheesy as hell, but I really am genuinely, truly grateful that both you and I still exist.

Good luck out there, y'all. 💗


Horn heart hands,
@ChinchillaMajor
on Instagram [SFW] and Bluesky [NSFW; if you're a minor, don't bother following me-- you *will* be blocked]
